Define maintenance severity behavior (#678)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0402-v1-status-page-openapi-spec-decision.md

Components list their impacts, which they are affected by, as read only. Only an incident creates an impact on a component. Components MUST only list their currently active impacts.

> An optional `now` parameter can be supplied, to set a reference time to show all incidents, active at that time, even when they are inactive currently.

Reviewer: Wrong comma placement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `now` parameter can be supplied, to set a reference time to show all incidents, active at that time, even when they are inactive currently.
```

Reviewer: Have the docs ever defined what an incident being "active" means? If not, we should add this definition, just to make it abundantly clear.

Author: No, thats true. 

An active incident is just an incident without a `ended_at` set.

Author: Mentioned the incidents and their end condition.

> An optional `now` parameter can be supplied, to set a reference time to show all incidents, active at that time, even when they are inactive currently.

Reviewer 2: Maybe change the `now` bool parameter to be a timestamp named `at`? This will enable the same use case (and more), while keeping server responses stable, unaffected by system time changes.

Reviewer: It is my understanding that this is already the intended behaviour. The name `at` is, however, a marked improvement in my eyes over `now`.

Author: changed

### Maintenance

> An `impact`, having the special `SeverityValue` of 0 indicates a maintenance time slot, as such it MUST include a start and end time.

Reviewer: Comma placement. I'd suggest rephrasing to get rid of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any `impact` that has the reserved `SeverityValue` of 0 is a maintenance time slot. As such it MUST include a start and end time. However, both are allowed to be set in the future.
```
